enable content moderation for event and description resources (#89)
NaoNaoOnline/apiserver: pkg/permission/README.md

# permission

> ### Reserved Systems
> 
> * System `1` is used for `event` resources
> * System `2` is used for `description` resources
> 
> ### Access Levels
> 
> * Access `1` and below in System `1` can delete `event` resources
> * Access `1` and below in System `2` can delete `description` resources

Author: ```suggestion
### Reserved Systems

* System `1` is reserved for `event` resources
* System `2` is reserved for `description` resources

### Access Levels

* Access `1` and above in System `1` can delete `event` resources
* Access `1` and above in System `2` can delete `description` resources
```
